Week 8 Discussion

Passages like the 70 weeks prophecy and the book of Revelation garner a lot of attention from a lot of Christians. Some would say they gather too much attention at times.  What do you think is an appropriate level of focus on these passages of Scripture?

  Honestly before reading Daniel in this class I had no idea about the 70 weeks prophecy. Now the book of Revelation I have heard of before and have read through once, but other then that I don't really see many pastors preaching on either of the topics. 
  As far as what the appropriate level of focus on these two passages should be I honestly think it has to do with the context of the audience you are speaking to or the subject matter that you are teaching on. I mean all scripture is good for teaching and learning so I don't feel there is really a limit of too little or too much you can place on anything in the Bible. 

Byron,
  I like your post and the passion you seem to have for this topic. You are actually the first person that I know that has experienced getting questions about the apocalyptic texts. I am still very new to Christianity only being baptized ~3 years ago and that may be the reason why I haven't really experienced it. I have read the book of Revelation once though and honestly have a hard time following it. (Probably going to have to read it a few times before it sinks in.) With that being said I do think that more New Testament churches need to teach not only the 70 weeks prophecy, but from Revelation as well to help the congregation and new Christians like me to further understand it. 

Nathan,
  Very well put. I like how you made sure to mention that once these debates start pulling away from the bigger picture of discipling others we need to be able to backtrack and focus on what is important. We never want anything we teach or minister to others to be a stumbling block to their salvation. I feel like teaching anything on the book of Revelation or the 70 weeks prophecy should only be done with a group of much maturer Christians. Not really a topic you want to have new "baby" christians having to tackle when they are just finding out their own way. 
