Isaiah 58 speaks on the subject of fasting. What, in your opinion, would be the most beneficial fast you could do. (Think how long, from what, what would you do while fasting, etc.)

  Fasting has always been something that I feel has taken a backseat to many Christians. I know there have been a few times where my church has requested we fast when we had some big events coming up or the launch for a new campus, but for the most part I feel it's only something that is done when there is something of grave importance. 
  I don't think this is method of fasting is what God intended for us. Through scripture I feel that God wants us to fast as much as we can to be able to show Him the importance of our dedication to Him and what He does for us each day. We even read in the New Testament how Jesus instructed us to fast. Matthew 6:17-18, "But when you fast, anoint your head and wash your face, that your fasting may not be seen by others but by your Father who is in secret. And your Father who sees in secret will reward you."
  I am also guilty of not using this spiritual discipline that often as well. This is something that I am actively trying to work on and improve in my spiritual journey. I feel the need to fast to "reset" myself and strengthen my dependecy and trust in God is something that I can greatly benefit from especially in this time of my life. 

Megan,
  Very well worded Megan. I like how you brought in other aspects of fasting other then the normal fasting from food. There are so many other things in this world that are distractions that pull our focus from God. But I would say to becareful with your station about how fasting will show others that you are willing to sacrifice things in your life. Jesus said in Matthew 6:16-18, "When you fast, do not be somber like the hypocrites, for they disfigure their faces to show men they are fasting. Truly I tell you, they already have their reward. But when you fast, anoint your head and wash your face, so that your fasting will not be obvious to men, but only to your Father, who is unseen. And your Father, who sees what is done in secret, will reward you."
