Week 7 Discussion

Why do you think it was so important for Daniel to keep that special diet when there was so much of his religion that he could no longer do (festivals, sacrifices, etc.)?

  Too many times we as mankind find reasons to not follow God's commands to us. Whether it be that it isn't convenient at the time or there is some external force that is preventing us or even giving us the excuse to not follow all of God's laws. We need to remember that everything we have been tasked with from God isn't meant to make our lives harder, but it is supposed to enrich us and allow us to walk closer with God. I believe the reason why Daniel and his companions decided to not eat of the king's food and kept to their special diet was because it showed God that no matter what they were going to keep the faith in God to sustain them and will follow His commands as best they could under the circumstances that they were under. God know's the struggles that we face and knows what is in our hearts, but Daniel and his companions insisting that they keep to their specific diet is showing that they are still faithfully following God.

Johnny,
  I like how you mentioned the fact that the diet wasn't the only spiritual discipline that Daniel stuck to. While he was more upfront about sticking to the diet he did infact continue to pray three times as well as other things he refused to give up on. Too often we as humans give up if something is getting to be too hard. Daniel is a great reminder to us all that doing the right thing even if it isn't the popular thing will always pay it forward in the end. Daniel went on to live a long and very prosperous life for God keeping the faith in everything he did.

Darr,
  I really liked reading about what you had to say for this prompt. Daniel and his companions really showed how there are no excuses to not live according to God's Word. Many of us use either the perceived difficulty or the fact that it may make us uncomfortable to side-step some of God's wishes when we see fit. For that we are guilty of trying to take our lives into our own hands instead of placing our trust and faith in God's. Daniels observance of God's will demonstrates to all of us that if we follow God and do what is right in His eye's we all will reap the grace and His ultimate protection.
